For this JP Morgan one,
you trigger it daily,
you do it and then you raise those
invoices. I'm not sure.
I'm not saying that it falls in the happy
path, but it sort of does,
but it's just based on volumes and the
assignment group will always be yourself
that where they tend to land and what has
been worked kind of in the process of
there is another in Jordan.
And the team has taken a lot of this work
over, but at the at the moment you,
but it's always generated internally,
but it was,
it will always be an internal thing.
And but although for actually although I
say that that's not actually true for JP
Morgan,
so they have a kind of combination of we
do get requests,
they all fall under the one partner.
So we do get requests and from that PE
and that could be split with a.
It could be those scenarios that we
talked about typically no,
because it will just be billed because
they are filled fees.
So they're a little bit more
straightforward in terms of the actual
billing, but it's just.
As I say,
they just have a slightly different
process than and the volumes of them and
they're bigger. Yeah. OK, that's good. OK,
we've got some actions from that and
that'll be opportunity to have a look at
that. Thank you.
And then I think we've got query as well.
I think this this area is something
critical for skills matrix.
It's heavily keep us independent.
Do you put general queries, Tim?
I think there's a general query as well.
Yeah. Why the second from top?
Yeah, we can put that as query. OK,
now these are probably some of the
queries that we talked about in the
beginning,
you know support I think it's billing
support on three EI think it's a few of
those maybe take those are those are the
ones that you get as can you help me?
How do I do 3E and then maybe they could
be addressed by a knowledge ask you know
so you don't actually get them.
They don't land with you. There's some.
OK.
There's always one that slips through the
net that you are.
You're willing to help to transfer the
next time that they don't ask you.
But these are the sorts of things that
we're talking about when we talk about
knowledge that we capture them that they
self-serve and.
And do it themselves.
So anything that we have on those
knowledge articles that you give back to
them today,
we can start collecting those and that
will be form of that knowledge base. Yeah,
yeah, that's good.
In those in those we we said yesterday
and I think it applies here that if the
if your audience is starting to type
something in that we can use the keywords
and actually present the articles as
they're typing,
so potentially they will be able to see
what's available to them.
And then click on it,
read it and then they might not do a
Yeah.
submission,
and that's what Deborah is saying to save
it even coming in.
But we use it almost as as they're
Yes, yeah, yeah.
It's a gating process so that you're
raising it to guide them as to what's
possible and what they can get themselves.
preventing them even hitting you that
you're giving them that, that knowledge.
Yeah, no, that'd be good. Yeah.
Are we actually maybe that practise
finance?
Report maybe that part. I mean,
that's come in there as a report.
Is that something that they run as a city
bank?
Maybe that's part of a weekly thing that
they do, or yeah,
I'm not sure why that's one under IF,
because it shouldn't be.
That is a sort of part of like the
process that we do for the Citigroup's
monthly billing.
Right.
So that kind of comes in that completes
billing,
it comes in the complex billing as well.
But that's just like in a monthly task,
is it the same with like the JP Morgan
daily,
but you're doing it monthly for them?
Yeah, it's a similar thing. Yeah. OK,
so that could be scheduled.
And does it go to the other teams that do
like that workflow that touches other or
is it sheer volume?
You're you're raising it,
and then you've raised the bill.
You do the bill. Essentially. Yes.
It does have to go to sometimes a couple
of other people to get the information.
And then it does ultimately go to the
client to get that information,
which is it?
What other teams does it go to?
That's like the SSDG admin team.
I think those guys come under something
like, yeah,
maybe we can get that workflow and see
whether the yeah,
the commonalities of these ones that come
under complex.
No, I'm just checking whether it won't be.
It'll be outside of, but outside the mask.
Yeah, that's not an IT team, is it? No.
It'll be like a finance team.
That's not on ServiceNow.
Legal finance team or something. Whatever.
Yeah, I know. I just kind of know.
I always e-mail like Andrew or Christian
or something like that. So. Sure, exactly.
OK, who does what?
But they I don't think they would come
under ServiceNow. OK, anyway, OK,
but you tend to do this outside of
service that these aren't queries that
you get in.
I'm just thinking about officiating your
time and activity. Yeah, no,
that that report is just run as part of
the monthly billing process for that
client. OK.
These tend to be reports of daily billing
audit, check, simple billing.
I'm not sure if we had many simple
Billings today,
but it was scenario of each,
but there's lots of you know.
It can come under,
but these are the reports that you're
running. Are these reports scheduled?
Are they just like prompts for you?
They don't say they're scheduled,
but I'm just wondering.
I think the Citibank thing requests for
them or Citibank. One says it's scheduled,
I think is it scheduled? But it's not.
I don't think it is on share. Well,
I think it's only that RTB.
Is that what that is? No.
So something different? Yeah,
that although it's, that's not sure.
It's not done on like,
a specific date or anything that you
can't really schedule it as such.
So these are things that you're running
internally.
They're not queries.
You don't get asked to do them again.
It could be something that you that might
be calendar events that we could put in
as a task, as a reminder.
So that transparency across the whole
team can see it and it's something that
just closed complete so.
Catches your time spent on it,
and do those reports just is it
internally prompt for you to do extra
tasks or is it actually reports that you
run and then you need to send somebody
the daily billing,
one that actually comes in from a fences?
To us each morning, and that's for us.
That's the audit check on the PES that do
their own billing just to check that
they're OK in the house doing all stuff
that. Why is that something?
So that check is something that just sits
in your team.
So you just do it and it's done.
So we're just counting time really for
that when.
Comes in from fences.
You're just logging that.
That work's getting done. Yeah,
a separate monthly one then gets
generated. Yeah, that one.
But those ones fences send us a report
and, but we go in and shake it all.
And see and the check on that isn't.
If you just said marking that the PS are
doing it correctly,
it's not marking their homework and you
capture that.
I'm just the metrics moving forward to,
you know,
people that might need extra training or
they're not doing it correctly, you know,
so you have that metrics and feed it back.
So next.
Month you're not scooping up the same
names? No. A bit. Well, you know,
it's not something you would like to
track.
We we need to discuss it and it will come
back to Glasgow. Actually,
at some stage it's it's just good to have
kind of an access for the BES right now.
So when you get that report from Princess,
you go through everything that the peas
have done and you all we've captured that
amount wrong or something or whatever it
could be. What do you do with that?
Basically, we're just checking.
It's mainly to make sure that the.
The cake that's been applied to the
report or commend with the you know,
the P whose action that then voice number
matter client the.
The.
Location for tax to from so on the how
like is that UK bill is it went to UK
client or is that went to you know
outside of we applied that the default
peer is that because that always has to
be the same as a client and it's just
it's where all the sort of errors can
happen and if the E in the system
sometimes.
So we just want to make sure that they've
not missed no spoken, I'm not spoken.
So if everyone's fine,
that's a general app,
we wouldn't know what the amount to get
billed was supposed.
I'm wondering if that's a good one.
They just tax in client.
If there's an error, right.
So say you go or that that hasn't been
applied properly. Who do you go back to?
Well, we would go back to.
To the PE. Right. OK.
I would think that the request because we
don't have the request. Sorry.
Let me just get back to them.
And so it's it's more about from a three
E system perspective that they have
selected, yeah,
there are three absolutely get that.
What I'm trying to understand is do we
need a workflow here?
Because if you're going to be sending.
Back if you like, probably a grant.
But you're you're saying that these are
the errors, it can be open.
It doesn't need to be a lengthy, but who?
It was responsible?
The reason why there was an error and
closed complete,
whether they get notified at that point
we could park because it might be a
conversation.
But at the end of the month it could be
this.
To be incorporated into training,
they might not want to get a notification
that say they don't,
but it could be a collection.
A good net that then stops these things
that are, I think,
more things about is making sure that the
information is updated. And so yeah,
right. So that's your response to see.
That fact has been captured wrong. Yeah,
you wouldn't just update the fact you
would just go back to them and see that
you update the VAT. Yeah,
we would go back. I mean,
I can't find when was last year we sort
of had an example we would back and query
it and then, you know, look,
worst case scenario,
if they hadn't come back to us,
we would just begin in reverse and then
voice ourselves.
Because if you know that's wrong,
it's you're right.
There is some actions on the back of it.
Yeah, there's a task.
There's a task to be done because you're
not just checking it and going well.
There was mistakes there. Oh, well, yeah.
You know. No, no, it needs to be.
The changes need to be made in three.
But what I'm trying to understand is,
is that your responsibility made the
change.
Changes or does it go back to the PE?
So if it goes back to the PE then that's
we can catch up. Yeah. Yeah.
It should always go back and they
evaluate it. Yeah. Yeah,
we'd expect him to.
But I think we're a little bit so again.
No, they wouldn't know. No,
but they'll get a notification. Yeah,
they can get the notification. Yeah.
Then it's not a point that we're unclear.
I think we're hesitant because we want to
bring this back to us.
So maybe four months,
five months down the line might not be
required because I'm.
I'm just trying to check a couple of
things, but one.
This is a report that's automatically run
every day,
and you might have multiple different
issues in there which might mean that you
might have to go out to multiple
different P ES,
which would be a lot of kind of creating
the cases creating the request,
creating the tasks to then there's not
too many P ES doing billing anyway.
We've got one department who do one. Yeah,
they need other PES,
but even then they don't.
They don't have to action their own bills.
So I mean you,
you might have some days will win and
there won't be any in any way to check.
And I think this is probably how why
billing in the UK exists.
Because in Australia that obviously
they're all doing it,
but you're just scooping up the ones
where they are doing it on their own,
you're doing all the others that you're
just iterative. Yeah. Verification check.
You're that sort of reconciliation part
of that process, attention.
Because what I was trying to think was,
could we have a request that
automatically creates a few every day
that you can then assign to one of your
team or automatically have it assigned to
the team,
which is really kind of part of that kind
of daily check on the report.
It's just that if you have multiple
issues, let's say,
I know it's not as many,
but let's say you've got multiple issues
with different PES across different
matters.
Then trying to close off for that
particular request every day might be
dependent on multiple PES.
I'm just trying to figure out how we can
it's not that big. Yeah.
What do they do in? Because Australia,
I mean, there's only everyone's.
All the PS are doing their billing.
So do they check how do they do their
daily check that that happens.
They don't know that how they.
They do their daily cheques,
but they have to get that they have their
own. I mean,
they would have their access on three
East,
so it's easier for them whereas we are I
think that limitations of the access
would be there for the PS as well.
So we are dependent, all right,
it's it's not that big,
but we could officially as you said
there's not that many years,
but we could certainly put a workflow in
or.
And that's I think it goes,
it goes a step before because we get this
from fences.
So when fences are sending automatically,
that case is initiated, you know,
and fences are in IT.
So we'll be what you get a task from them.
We do. Yeah. OK. OK, that's good.
Simple billing report, scheduled billing.
We've done those report schedules that we
can.
There's calendar events that you normally
do to capture that.
Sundry invoice. We did that one.
That's why I put it under the general.
That's probably why I kept this was the
query, yeah.
But the last one do we need to discuss
the secondment schedule one further or do
we want to put that as a parking lot and
put that as a parking lot because of
different teams?
You know there's multiple teams involved.
Oh, managed time.
I knew that something in the tab at the
top of my head managed time cards,
of which there are a few,
so I suppose back on the back of the
invoices.
Is this something you raise or this comes
in as a general query?
Or it might be these are rates and
matters.
I just wanted to check the check in time
card narrative.
Maybe that's something they've written
upon it transferring time or purging time
a bit.
That probably write offs we talked about
and that the transfer we did the top one
checking time now is that I'll check with.
Yes, I don't.
I don't. I don't.
I wasn't aware I was part of the process.
So I think that might have been something
that was the at the beginning and it's
still just been left.
We talked about time yesterday,
a lot with rates of matter is everything
with investment funds.
As far as I'm aware just because.
Under the one box. Yeah. OK,
so I could take.
Maybe you could serve with Chris and I'll
check also under the rates of matter
narrative,
whether that's captured as part of the
quick, you know, because the queries,
whether it routes to rates of matter or
that's something.
As a particular case,
or whether there's some, yeah, I. Well,
I wouldn't have. Yeah, I'll double check.
But I wasn't aware of that.
We extensively covered queries on time
cards yesterday,
so maybe that's something that might be a
special exception,
or if you could check that would be very
helpful. Yeah, I'll check that one.
That's some billing done.
I mean extensively.
So thank you for today.
Obviously it's not.
It's bringing that up to that happy path
queries and then managing that service
for the building. So I really appreciate.
You know all the inputs there,
there's lots of activity that's part of
that.
And then we go away and the user story so
you contributed to all that, you know,
ads in billing.
I want to do the following complex
billing because you know,
we'll write all of that,
bring that together to you to view which
will be formed as part of the functional
spec that we did save today.
But certainly having this sort of simply
so,
each thing is in a mutually exclusive
process.
It manages up to managing voice service
and we've seen managing voice service
across many of the work streams this week.
So it's our task to go away and come up
with the.
Consolidated managing invoice,
I mean you touched on E billing,
you know and AP as well there's there's
some crossover and we certainly don't
want different swim lanes where there is
a handshake between them and that would
all be you know a streamlined.
She says with Utopia hat on,
it's a workflow easier said than done,
but this is this is not, as you said,
three. The master of all the work.
This is managing your task in the most
efficient way so that you're not managing
tasks more than you are in,
you know in the actual work.
But no,
I really appreciate to say thank you. No,
thank you.
Do you have any other questions or I mean
it doesn't stop here,
this is the beginning as it were.
One of the ones I want to mention earlier,
which would be quite good.
I don't know if it worked with with the
request coming in for an invoice.
Now I've mentioned like urgent.
And a budget was faulty to the top,
the subject heading.
But if there was again,
we don't want to complicate the forum,
but if there was a section see.
But if it was like how much we're billing.
And yeah,
the actual amount that amount would
actually that's what I'm saying the
subject you know to get that as you said
I think you gave the example that it's a
million.
But they only want to build the value.
You would capture that.
That's a key that's a key data in which,
because that would that would be really
hilt. And that separates God.
It's not for a million, it's only for 20,
000 and not only,
but those are the type of metrics that we
want them to complete. So that you know.
The actual amount,
so I assume they may know the kind of
process or to planned process date for
that particular bill or invoice.
Would they have that kind of indication
of it needs to be billed by the end of
this month or by next month or in two
weeks time?
If they were requesting invite voice it,
you know, we would have it done. You know,
we'll finish about 24 hours. OK.
Let me be. Yeah,
we wouldn't really want them to.
Just wondering if we could do that an
amount and also a date that we want to
target to so we can then start to help
with the priority. Yeah,
we capture like effective date.
You know that things were yesterday,
today next week.
You know that will be part of that.
Prioritisation. Nature.
I mean generally we ever been able to do
more scheduled billing. Yeah,
you know that would work,
but at the moment everything just comes
in as you personally definitely yeah.
When scheduled billing would be you get
to be first week you get to be the second
you know that would be.
That deal,
rather than everything on the 4th week or
the end of the month.
Would that be a good change that you know?
Yeah, but I'm not sure there. When you go,
Julie. No.
I was gonna say just very quickly we'll
cover this as well.
We can share this with you.
But as you start to work through those
different cases and now that you're using
ServiceNow,
it will give you a lot more insight in
terms of that kind of transparency in
terms of workloads, the cases, the states,
what do you need to react to?
What do you need?
It's kind of so actually that's less less
higher priority that you need to work on.
This is an example of kind of reports and
dashboards.
You'll have your own kind of workspace
that you can work through different cases.
You know,
team leads can then start to allocate,
etcetera if they need to.
We're hoping that we can use some of the
auto assignment,
but that's something to to work for as
well.
Yeah, I was going to say not just yours.
You get transparency.
Each of you could have transparency in
the team,
so you don't have to just see my and
think I'm a busy is no one else but you.
You get to see that whole transparency of
the team.
It's not segregated that you only see
yours.
You'll have full transparency as a team,
and presuming that that's how you want it,
you don't want the segregation that you
get. You want everyone to say everything.
Yeah,
I think ideally including complex billing
or is that do you tend to you don't mind
the rest of the team saying it or yeah,
no,
I would say it's fine because again and
again as well as that instance like
showing if I wasn't here or something
like that.
And at least there's awareness that and
it's good. I mean,
we usually you usually know when you're
on complex,
but it just it gives everyday that
awareness as well on it like yeah,
I think the biggest benefit from what
we've got and share with all the now is
we've got a standard dashboard and you're
filtering really AC different groups of
things whereas.
Give you dashboards for each thing so you
can flip between them.
So if you imagine like tabs,
I suppose you could move through tabs,
etcetera,
so that you're looking at different cues
and things. It's. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
It's probably that mindset. Like,
you know, I don't know,
you sort of start your day.
Now you go into your calendar in your
e-mail box.
You sigh and think, oh, I'm not busy.
I might say this is presented to this
replaces that you know what you're doing.
You know how your day's panning out and
it's laid out in front of you as well as
the rest of the team.
I think one of one of the things ticket
ran kind of reports and dashboards.
We will build a set of base set for you
to review. So.
I always find that actually,
as you start to use it as you get used to
it, then you start to think, oh,
actually I'd love to see this tougher
report or I'd love to see this on the
dashboard.
So these are quite easy to build,
but it's best when you start to use it
and start to get used to it.
So start with the base and the foundation
of what we will provide for now.
And if you have certain requirements,
we can start to build those in.
But as you get used to it,
then you can start to to build additional
ones on top. Yeah. Yeah.
And I I always think of reports at word,
but I always think of them as their
questions.
And you can sort of say I would like to
know how many invoices you know you can
use.
Without exporting a report,
you can use your table.
That's a table view with lists.
I would like to know how many and it
answers the question you know rather than
report.
I'd like to think of them if it can
answer my question of the day.
I don't need to go somewhere,
so I'd like to think about ServiceNow is
doing that rather than reports.
It's answering those insights that you
didn't know that you had or you want to
know.
Immediately. Yeah,
and it can do that through the feet,
the filtering and the look up features.
The other piece that we've touched on
this a few Times Now is particularly
around cloud knowledge management and how
do we start to drive the users and
employees and PES etcetera.
So the space where actually you can get.
The certain knowledge I need on FAQ very
quickly rather than engaging with the
team constantly where they need to get
and they get that support that makes
sense,
but it's almost like helping to drive
that kind of self-service capability.
It's one of the things that we'll start
to walk through as well. Yeah. Yeah. No,
no, it sounds good.
Just very quickly in terms of what we'll
do, so all of it,
you know this has been great discussions
kind of understand some of the
intricacies of the process and the
dependencies on some of the other teams
as well.
We are going to start to build those as
user stories.
So you know what is it that we want as a
requirement from a user centric
perspective.
That's what we'll then take into our
Sprint backlog.
We'll start to plan those out.
We'll also think about some of those
cross department dependencies as well.
So you know we talked about all those
different functions and there's handoff
points and certain, you know,
build capabilities that we're going to be
standing up.
How do those all connect together as well?
So those are the things that we'll
capture in here as well.
I'm going to skip over this for the
moment.
I'll just let joy just talk through some
of those change impacts.
So today's conversation has been really
useful,
really helpful to understand the billing
processes and how you currently work.
I should.
I've captured a couple of different
impacts.
One kind of overarching one around the
move to service now and how you'll be
managing billing requests on that new
platform.
Also the cultural shift for P ES partners
to shift their mindset.
From using emails for the requests and
written notes as well to using a formal
request form.
So that's going to be a huge like mindset
change. Obviously.
I completely appreciate partners have
always worked that way.
It's been easier for them.
So yeah, to help mitigate that change,
we would definitely recommend doing a
phased approach,
so we'll work with certain groups and
make them the early adopters. For example,
PES.
Hopefully they'll be a lot easier to work
with,
so we can just make sure that they
understand the benefits.
We make the form as easy as possible for
them to fill in,
and then they can start to see the
benefit of of doing things in that way,
and then that should hopefully help them
build the the desire to use that platform
and they can see the results as well.
So hopefully that will support them with
their adoption journey.
I've also captured some changes around
the OP model change,
so the P ES in the UK having less billing
responsibilities in Australia,
so the need for training to help enhance
their skills and knowledge in that area.
And we mentioned about mandating bill
guides to streamline the Bill amendment
process. What else have I got here?
Partners as well taking their bill,
checking responsibility seriously again
to help streamline the Bill amendment
process,
reducing the workload on your team.
And then finally,
I've got something around moving complex
queries to ServiceNow to help manage the
communication process and in turn that
should help the team as well. Sandeep,
I know you're quite keen on tracking the
team capacity,
so if that can also move to ServiceNow.
That would help,
but that's kind of the impact that I've
captured just opening it up to see if
there's anything else you think I need to
capture here as one of the key impacts
for your team.
I don't know that kind of course,
and I think we'll roll them up with the
as a services as we go through each of
the services, we'll roll those.
The impact you know,
we'll roll them all up to their
associated service so that you'll see all
those impacts.
Yeah. And you don't have to.
Don't have to think of everything right
now.
What I would do after this workshop and
after every workshop I've been writing up
a report called a Change Impact report on
how like the current ways of working and
how ServiceNow will impact various
different themes.
So what I will do,
I will send that report to you once it's
ready.
So after all the finance workshops are
done next week on Tuesday I'll do that,
write up and then I'll share that
document with you for review.
And obviously when you review it,
you can if you think of any other
processes or any other impacts you want
to add or if maybe I've captured.
Something and it's not quite accurate or
this specific ways of working that you
want to call out as well.
Then you can we can do that and I can
make sure that that captured in the
report.
Great. Thank you. Did you want to? No,
just very quick,
it's a couple of dates for you.
So you can see also so from a design
perspective,
you know we've done these kind of in
person workshops. You as you can see,
there's already a number of kind of
outstanding design sessions.
We need to go through as well some that
we have caption we can take that way and
build.
So for our plan,
February 27th is kind of where we have to
get the design complete that allow us to
kind of have that opportunity to kind of
build out all of those different
requirements and also thinking about the
end to end services that we need to build
as well by the beginning of June is when
we'll have.
Really can't the effects even most of
that Bill is complete.
So that's the opportunity for us to then
start doing things like testing
engagement with other business
stakeholders,
do some of that user acceptance testing
and then we're aiming for a go live in
the first week of September,
just a couple of key days just to kind of
share with you as well.
I think you know there was some some
rates that matter yesterday, you know,
not waiting for the 1st of September to
sort of change behaviour.
There was one you know that they get
multiple requests for example of you know
what are the time rates and what are you
know they get lots of questions where
they sort of think well they could have
there is a standard rate card it's on the
interest.
You know, yes,
there might be things actually even now
that you say, well,
actually this is part of the knowledge it
exists. You know,
you don't have to wait till next year to
push that back,
but they could be maybe based on like our
conversations that we had today that
probably exists already.
You can divert them to a knowledge
article and get that behaviour started.
You know in the interim as a just
suggestion based on the things that we
discussed today that are coming
downstream, the,
the one last thing I was going to say.
So once we get the stories into a good
state, we will go for an approval cycle.
So you know distributing the stories,
having yourself, Sandeep, etcetera.
Reviewing those stories approving that
allows us to then start on that build
activity as soon as possible.
Then it gives us an opportunity to kind
of demo some of that functionality.
So it's not a sign off.
Here's all the requirements we have to
wait until the end of you know that build
cycle.
There'll be iterations that you can then
start to review and have a look at.
Does that look, does that look right?
Does it make sense? Yes. Happy.
Completely happy with that.
Some of the requests we've actually,
I want to slightly tweak some of that
functionality.
So we'll have opportunity to do that over
the coming weeks as well.
And I think the first drop with you to
see the user stories is the week
commencing.
I mean we've got to work on them,
we finish workshops next week and I think
it's probably one week or.
It'll be two weeks. Yeah,
we need to two weeks splitting out the
finance bits. That's one.
We need to kind of take away and then and
then when you next,
expect to see the first output.
Like I appreciate,
like many of us are actually coming to
your team all at the same time,
so if you can just let us know, like, hey,
we need because I know you've also got
BAU.
So just let us know like can you bring it
forward,
can you move this a little and we can
flex your schedule as well,
not at the end of the month,
avoid the end of the month?
Everybody's been pre warned. Listen,
and that's a really good point.
There will be a label.
So we all kind of do the first check on
things then when it's ready to go we'll
get passed over to you guys.
I think when we get into the user story
piece,
it will be quite exciting actually
something.
Really quite new if he's to get involved
in and we'll need to keep the momentum
going there,
so that's something we need to start
thinking about.
How we do that and the team and manage
work so that we've got some time to spend
on that. But some, like Sandeep says,
we'll work that out. Yeah. Thank you.
That was very enjoyable today. Thank you.
Any other questions?
Any other questions for us before we
close? I've seen on other clients,
we've sometimes used, you know,
when you do the retrospectives or the
playback where they can see can we start
bringing in maybe some of the change
champions to see some of that and it also
saves the programme team doing it twice.
So it's just something to think about.
Sure, sure. We have not identified them,
but that is my next question for the visa.
Is there anything you wanted to see or
you're I think were you on the pre calls
as well with us we showed you some of the
ServiceNow layouts.
Are you happy with that?
But if there's anything you think later,
oh, gosh, there's that other com.
There's the complex complex of complexity.
You know, there might whatever falls out.
You know, today's not the end.
And there's certainly that time for
feedback.
And other, you know,
other things that come to mind later,
but no, thank you very much.
Thank you for your time. Appreciate it.
Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks all.
Thank you everyone.
Now, why don't we move in there?
Aren't we? Sorry? Should we grab a?
You put me on charge, charged to Monday.
Thank you. Cheers. Thank you.
Oh, it's still going.